I go
all right
no no
and good friends hundreds welcome to what
that would be the last one we are when
now yes the part of the nights 5 already
we are ending in fact I had to
advance a little until this part that
we can play well and have my apology
for not uploading some videos
Quickly allows cameras throughout
moment we have not had big
difficulties although we have seen that
we have moved a lot this good about
I would like to give you all a request
sorry, you know that's how I am, I hope
What I studied was that an illness
very seriously ill above all of what
that was this all and all that was not
almost around what was the day
Monday martinez
then I had this sick I could not even
talk could not record then that's why
imagine if these movements because if
let's see if we need to save
energy because if not we will not get
not even the psychologist is already four
in the morning 27 percent energy
we're almost alive and I told them I had to
advance it so that the 12 17 started to
put all night full since you
we had seen in the previous gameplay
then well let's close the door
let's check a little light and let's
go see because it actually offers
and madrid boxing we are going to open line and fox
and you're going to knock on the door action now
let's check ok if I do not think it's going to
be until you check the camera so
we tried to check the running
we take camera is fox and playing but
Freddy is already on this side and that's what
that worries me because it's a big
problem so let's stop what we're going
to check let's say it
I will be checking the door of this
side and I'll be checking mid is that
frei is already here is already there
bingen is also here too
fuck and freddy I do not know where
Damn vargas is done I got stuck
door locked the fuck door no
let's go let's go
I do not know what we do what we do know
little energy left
foxx and can come if he left the door
open better left closed and
that we are not going to check anymore
explain the thing I can not even
finish it as I tell you I 'm
sick about three days then I did not want
upload anything until after I went this
I'm seeing what my disease is
so it's already five o'clock in the morning
we are currently carrying out with
this so that you can see what
is this in some videos we are going to
make other videos again
problem is that if I get sick I can not
talk about how they have to also
apart from that by test I remember that
I had been told something about the poster
the posters I think I 'm going to leave it
with a little energy I think so
already if the yurta fuchsia kills me
while he touched the nose to freddy
we use a little bit for editing
Freddy and let's hope more
do not move fucking moms freddy happy
Freddy
how he touches his nose
and here comes Freddy where are you where
fuck where are you
and it is already
we will be this time
talks and fruits for all we're going
now for you who told me more
if it was an example of night six but
we would still be fine with the aunts and
friends is how we get our cow in
the day
it costs a lot of work a lot very much
work
we got to finish the five days
We see you next week resignation
I prefer to work and freddys pixar than in
the oxxo so I better stay here
fredys pixel night 6 the wicks this
I would be putting then how are we going
play it and if we're going to start too
with the gameplay of what would be pods
to fraidi 2 so good friends we
we'll see until the next game I hope
that they have enjoyed now was
quick to show you the last
part of night 5 and we'll leave later
with night 6 we were almost on the edge
so good friends we'll see you
the next gameplay